Update CHANGELOG for 0.11.0 release (#739)
ethereum/evmone: CHANGELOG.md

- Initial support
  for [Blockchain Tests](https://ethereum-tests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/blockchain-ref.html)
  [#681](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/681)
  [#679](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/679)
  [#685](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/685)
  [#680](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/680)
  [#690](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/690)
  [#694](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/694)
  [#701](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/701)
  [#711](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/711)
  [#718](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/718)
  [#736](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/736)
- Support for executing [JSON EOF Tests](https://github.com/ethereum/tests/tree/v13/EOFTests)
  (thanks @gzanitti)
  [#678](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/678)
- EVM tracing option `--trace` in `evmone-t8n`
  [#616](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/616)
- Support for compiling for `riscv32` architecture
  [#700](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/700)
- Ability to export evmone's unit tests to the JSON State Test format
  [#743](https://github.com/ethereum/evmone/pull/743)

### Changed

- **EVM Object Format (EOF)**:

>   TODO: EOF implementation tracks mega-spec and is tentatively enabled in **Prague**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  EOF implementation follows [Mega-spec](https://github.com/ipsilon/eof/blob/main/spec/eof.md) and is tentatively enabled in **Prague**.
```
